c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\JianHeMES.dll.config
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\JianHeMES.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\JianHeMES.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.SqlServer.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.Migrations.Add_Annotation.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.Migrations.Add_Annotaton.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.Migrations.Add_Annotaton0.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.Migrations.Add_Annotation1.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.Migrations.Add_Annotation11.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.Migrations.Add_Annotation111.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.Migrations.Add_Annotation2.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.Migrations.Add_Annotation3.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.Migrations.Add_Annotation4.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.Migrations.Add_Annotation5.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.Migrations.Add_Annotation6.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.Migrations.Add_Annotation7.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.Migrations.Add_Annotation8.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.Migrations.Add_Annotation81.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.Migrations.Add_Annortaion9.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.Migrations.Add_Annotation10.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.Migrations.Add_Annotation112.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.Migrations.Add_Annotation12.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.Migrations.Add_Annotation13.resources
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\bin\JianHeMES.dll.config
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\bin\JianHeMES.dll
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\bin\JianHeMES.pdb
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\bin\EntityFramework.dll
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.dll
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.dll
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\bin\Owin.dll
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\bin\WebGrease.dll
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.xml
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.xml
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\bin\EntityFramework.xml
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\bin\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.resources.dll
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\bin\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.SqlServer.resources.dll
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.resources.dll
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.resources.dll
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.resources.dll
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.resources.dll
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.resources.dll
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.resources.dll
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.resources.dll
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.resources.dll
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.resources.dll
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.resources.dll
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.Migrations.Add_Annotation.resources
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.Migrations.Add_Annotaton.resources
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.Migrations.Add_Annotaton0.resources
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.Migrations.Add_Annotation1.resources
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.Migrations.Add_Annotation11.resources
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.Migrations.Add_Annotation111.resources
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.Migrations.Add_Annotation2.resources
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.Migrations.Add_Annotation3.resources
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.Migrations.Add_Annotation4.resources
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.Migrations.Add_Annotation5.resources
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.Migrations.Add_Annotation6.resources
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.Migrations.Add_Annotation7.resources
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.Migrations.Add_Annotation8.resources
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.Migrations.Add_Annotation81.resources
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.Migrations.Add_Annortaion9.resources
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.Migrations.Add_Annotation10.resources
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.Migrations.Add_Annotation112.resources
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.Migrations.Add_Annotation12.resources
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.Migrations.Add_Annotation13.resources
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.csproj.CopyComplete
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.dll
E:\ProjectFolder\JianHeMES(2018-7-5)\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.pdb
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\JianHeMES.dll.config
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\JianHeMES.dll
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\JianHeMES.pdb
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\EntityFramework.dll
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.dll
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.dll
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\Owin.dll
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\WebGrease.dll
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\EntityFramework.xml
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.xml
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.xml
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.resources.dll
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.SqlServer.resources.dll
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.resources.dll
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.resources.dll
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.resources.dll
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.Migrations.Add_Annotation.resources
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.Migrations.Add_Annotaton.resources
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.Migrations.Add_Annotaton0.resources
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.Migrations.Add_Annotation1.resources
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.Migrations.Add_Annotation11.resources
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.Migrations.Add_Annotation111.resources
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.Migrations.Add_Annotation2.resources
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.Migrations.Add_Annotation3.resources
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.Migrations.Add_Annotation4.resources
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.Migrations.Add_Annotation5.resources
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.Migrations.Add_Annotation6.resources
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.Migrations.Add_Annotation7.resources
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.Migrations.Add_Annotation8.resources
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.Migrations.Add_Annotation81.resources
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.Migrations.Add_Annortaion9.resources
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.Migrations.Add_Annotation10.resources
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.Migrations.Add_Annotation112.resources
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.Migrations.Add_Annotation12.resources
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.Migrations.Add_Annotation13.resources
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.csproj.CopyComplete
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.dll
E:\JianHeMES项目\JianHeMES\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.pdb
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\JianHeMES.dll.config
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\JianHeMES.dll
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\JianHeMES.pdb
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.dll
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.dll
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\Owin.dll
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.xml
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.xml
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.resources.dll
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.SqlServer.resources.dll
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.resources.dll
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.resources.dll
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.resources.dll
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.Migrations.Add_Annotation.resources
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.Migrations.Add_Annotaton.resources
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.Migrations.Add_Annotaton0.resources
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.Migrations.Add_Annotation1.resources
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.Migrations.Add_Annotation11.resources
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.Migrations.Add_Annotation111.resources
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.Migrations.Add_Annotation2.resources
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.Migrations.Add_Annotation3.resources
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.Migrations.Add_Annotation4.resources
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.Migrations.Add_Annotation5.resources
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.Migrations.Add_Annotation6.resources
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.Migrations.Add_Annotation7.resources
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.Migrations.Add_Annotation8.resources
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.Migrations.Add_Annotation81.resources
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.Migrations.Add_Annortaion9.resources
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.Migrations.Add_Annotation10.resources
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.Migrations.Add_Annotation112.resources
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.Migrations.Add_Annotation12.resources
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.Migrations.Add_Annotation13.resources
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.dll
D:\Demo\Demo\Demo\ASP-C#\JianHeMES\obj\Debug\JianHeMES.pdb
